Outside My Window

     It was a cold Night Outside.Just Going Into The Fall.When The Wind Had Woke me Up.I Was Just Getting Ready for Bed. When,I Heard A Noise Outside My Window to See What It Was.ItAppered to Be a Boy on His Byecyle.Talking to His Mother.They Where Both Talking Loud.I Could Hear Them Through The Window  Upstairs. I Heard Someone Coming Up The Stairways.I Think It Was My Mother.It Was.She Screamed,Get To Bed.Now!.I Told Her I Was Getting to Bed Now!.So,I Jumped Back Into Bed.With My Covers Over Me.Then,I Heard Another Noise outside.A Rock Hit On The Window Seal .I Jumped Out Of Bed To See What Was Going On .It Was Keith.My Brother,A .J  Friend .I Opened The window.Up To See .What He Had Wanted.He Wanted To Tell Me .That We Had New Neighbors That Moved In Across The Street.I Told Him I Knew .I Heard ThemI Told Him I Had To Go To Bed He Walked Back Home I Locked The Window.And Went Back to Bed With The Covers Over Me Again.
     The Next Day My Mother,Drove All Of Us to School .At The Front Door .Me And My Brother. Got Out .Started To The Door  .Keith And His Friends Met Us At The Door .We All Had To Get To Homeroom Fast!. Or We Was Going to be Late We Made it .The time Blew By Fast.It Was Lunch Time.Ii Started Walking down The Hallway.To Meet My Brother A.J..And Carrie.I Got There.To Meet My Friend.The Line For Lunch Was Long.The Longest.I Ever Seen.Itto Be.The Line extended Through the Hall.And I Was Only Half Way Through It Was PastTime to Eat.Finally Me And My Friend Carrie.Got There The Only Thing That Was Left Was Pizza.The SaladWas Gone!.Looked Like everyone Left.Nothing!.Good!.I Sat With My Brother A.J.And Keith His Friend And carrie Sat Beside Me.On The other Side of my brother.Looked To Be.That Boy on the Byecyle.That Was In Front of The House.I Told My Brother.He Told me.That Was His Friend.Named Rocky.I Said,Oh,It Is.Then,The Bell Was Loud!.It Was Time to go to Another class.Me And CarrieWent to our other class.While In There.Keith Was In there.And The new kid.They Sat On the other Side of me.It Was Typing Class.Ms.Moss Wasthe Teacher.She Was Wondering Halls.Looking For,the kids in her class Room .When,She Got Started,She Was All Set Carrie Was Talking to me .I Was Talking to Her I Guess We Where Loud!.Cause,Ms.Moss Heard Us Talking.I Was Chewing Hubba Bubba Gum.
I Forgot And Was Chewing it!.The Whole Time!In the class.Carrie Never Told Me Ms.Moss Knew!I was.She Walked up Behind Me And Said,Don't You Have something to get Rid of?.I Told Her No!.Without Thinking About my Gum.In My Mouth.I Must have Been Chewing it.Pretty Loud!.For Her to be Coming Around.I Thought Everyone Else Was Hearing Me Chew My Gum To Then,All of a Sudden She Hold Out Her Hand And Said,Do What you Know?.Get Rid Of It!.I Wasn't Thinking.Must of Been Nerves.Cause,The Gum.Came Out of my mouth.On Ms.Moss.Hand!.The Expression on Ms.Moss Face Wasn't Good!.She Looked Up at me..And Said,Eww.Then,Ran up To the front Drsk.To get To get some sanitizer.To Wipe her Hand.Off from The gum.She Told Me. I Was Getting Detention For two weeks For This Incident.I was Inbressed.cause,The Whole class Seen It!.They Didn't say anything.The whole class.Just Looked At me Even,Carrie my friend Didn't say anything 
Later That Day.We was Walking Down The Hallway of the school Going to gym class to exercise.In the pool.Our gym Teacher was Mr Anderson.And He was okay Somedays.Then Other We Don't know?.About.But,For Now!.He Was Making us Swim Back and Forth.In a Line of the pool.We had to do it Ten Times.by then the class was over The Bell Was Ringing To Go to Another class so,Everyone in gym class.Got undressed And Ready To Go,Except for me I Had to Start Detention class While walking Through the Halls. I Came Across That Boy.Agian!.He Said,His Name was Rocky.He Bumped in the hallway.We Both laid eyes on each other.Couldnt hardly talk to each other.For looking at one another.He Started picking up my books.He Dropped on me I told him I Had to go.Fast!.He Smiled at me and said,Okay I see you Later I waved Back at him.I Had to Hurry down the Hallway.I made it.Just in time!.Right on the minute.It was Ms Cowan.She Was My Brothers Teacher.At First.I was Going to be her Second and last student.I guessed well we will see.Hopefully and finally last student.In the Door.I made it Through that's not bad!.has I thought.Afterwards I got to go home.me and my Brother A.J. waited On Our Mother to come.And get us.At the front door.
       Later that night.We ate supper and went to bed. That night it was storming.I looked out my Window Seen the leaves blowing around The wind was up I got back in bed put the covers over me.By mid morning.The Storm was over.My Brother A.J was in the Bathroom.Hogging it!.From me.Everyone Got ready for the day.My dad stayed behind to clean the yard up.My mother was yelling at us to come on.For we all be Late for School.My mother is a Fast Driver.When she pulled up everyone got out.She made it.Right on time.Everyone got out And Headed Inside The School.The Bell was Just about to ring Everyone made it To Homeroom .I made it with Carrie and the new Boy named Rocky.While In Homeroom I noticed Rocky Was looking at me and Smiling at me.Then the bell went off again .When to Home Ech.Where they teach you basic skills.Then Went on to Sewing class Ms.Belk Was In charge of that class.
By Then it was time for Lunch.The Lunch room was Full of people.It wasn't empty Today!.The Line was Full.But,Moving Faster Then it could be.We Made it through it .We all got eat.
After Lunch.My Brother A J.Keith and his Brother Micheal and Rocky And me and Carrie All Went our sepreste Ways Through The Hallway.To our other classes.I Got Bumped in the Hallway Again by Rocky.Then I picked my books and myself up.And walked to my Detention class.After School.I only had One more Week to go.I Looked around everyone was Looking at me.When I walk in.Ms.cowan Always been a nice Teacher to me.But,She Also,Had a Temper.To watch out for,I never had a Oromblem out of her.ILooked around And sat Down.I looked around One more Time.And Seen.Rockyin there.In the Very back.I ask him what he was doing in here. Rocky said he was Teaching the kids in there read.Cause they didn't know how to.He told me.He does Everyday After School.Itold him that was nice that he does this for them.We both Smiled at Each other.I walked back to my sit.And Sat down.Then it was time to go home.I walk to the front of the school.Where my mother was Waiting in me.When,We Got Home.Alk the boys where playing outside in my Brother's fort.That him and Keith had Built.When they was In elementary School.Everyone was in junior high school Now!.My mother invited Rocky And His parents over For dinner Tonight.I Was Helping her in the kitchen fix things for the table.To eat.
When the Doorbell kept ringing.I walk to get the front door.When I opened it I Got to meet Ricky's Parents .They liked to be called The Bello's .It was a good last name For them Has a Couple. Rocky's father Was Telling us Jokes and Storys and Smiling.Also he Played Games With us.While Ricky's mother Was Helping usxIn the Kitchen.Then,It was Tie For Everyone to Go.Cause,It was Getting late.
So Everyone Was gone I Helped My mother clean up the kitchen.Then everyone Went to Bed.
The Next Morning Everyone got Ready.It Was The End Of The Week.Thank goodness For Fridays.My mother dropped us Off At School.It was a Normal Day At School.When Lunch time came around.Everyone  Stood In Line .I Looked Around But Couldn't See My Friend Carrie. She wasn't around.I Went looking for her.She was In the principal Office.Nothing Bad.Her Father Had Just past away.And She Found out she had to go to California To Be With her Aunt there for awhile.Tey was leaving tomorrow. I guess I was Going to miss My friend real Bad.I was So worried about Carrie.I forgot to meet everyone for lunch.And Rocky I Was Suppose to meet after school.
After School.I Seen Rocky Coming up at me.To ask me.About what happened,I told him I didn't know about my friend Carrie.But,She was Going to be leaving us.for awhile.He Gave me a Hug.
The next day.We All Went out to a movie.It was Funny and Real Good!.My mother and father Loved it.We also went out to eat.when we came Home.We Talked For awhile And everyone got ready for bed.
The Next morning.My Dad Had Left For his Job.This Morning before Anyone got up.He Leaves Like That And Comes Back Home .That's Just What He Does.
Well it was Already School Day Again.We all meet At The Front Door at the School.We All Went on to our classes.And ate lunch.It Was Now¡. Time For gym class.
We Had Softball Today in gym class.It Didn't go so Good!.When it was my turn to hit the ball.I Hit The ball.It Went up in the Air.And Hit my Gym Teacher Mr Anderson. In the Head.When it came down.All I Was Thinking was I'm in trouble again.He called out my name loud!.All I Got Was a Talking too.I Really Thanked Him for Not Giving me Detention.I Was Really Sorry,It hit Him!.on the head.He Had a Big bruise.My brother A.J. couldn't Wait to tell my mother what had Happened.He Only Left out What he Did Has Well.CauseHe Almost got Detention .But,Only gotton a Talkin too Has Well By The Gym Teacher.Mr.Anderson.
He Was a Character.In a Half.That Teacher Was.But a Good Gym Teacher.
The Next Morning I Went over To Carries House to Help Her Pack Her stuff Upin the suitcase.We Packed her stuff up.We Bothate Lunch at Subway.Ten her mother Took us Bowling.For Awhile.We Both fell asleep. By that time it was ready to go home.I hugged Carrie.Andctold her I would miss Her.The I went Home.All I could think about.Was That I would miss Her alot!. I Went to bed.
I the morning Carrie Called Me to say They were On the plane.Going to California.& that she would call me When,She got at her Aunts house.I tod her okay.

By the Time I got Back home.Mother had the house cleaned up.My Father Was Going to be gone another month.cause of his work.I Was All Done with Detention.
Thankfully.Glad I am I only Had Four more years to go.
Rocky ,Keith Micheal was In the fort.I Went out to see What Was Going on out there.The leaves were Over the roof the wood pieces w on the side.it was built good They Had poster on the wall.They had a table in there.With chairs around.A little trail lead in back of woods .Down the street Was Huron River,It Was under the bridge.The Other Side Had rail road going through.
Cause,Of The paper mill.It Was Old.The building.The Windows were out of the building.But The Fort lead to the river.around the corner.I Stayed out there for awhile ten came back inside.
My friend Carrie called and said she was There.She made it to California.And it was Beautiful she said.She told me she would send me some pictures of it.Then,Carrie and to go.oh How I missed her.Being in my classes.I Never told her I met Another Friend And her name was Heather.But,She Would know when, she gets back.
It's Been About Five Years.Everyone was In College.Carrie Was Coming Back home.For awhile.Finally!.Keith and Micheal went off To Texas.In college out There!.My Brother A.J.Meet a Girl friend Named Tiffany .They were Going on spring Break to visit her Parents In California.And Texas to See Keith and Micheal.And Heather Was Going to Ohio To Visit her Parents Has For Me and The Guy next Door,Rocky.
We will be going to Michigan and Indiana at the same time.I guess our plans were going to be alone.This is the first time I would Be alone With Rocky.I Smiled at him.He Gave me a kiss.
Rocky was going to rent us  car to go with from enterprise.In the morning.All the travels plans were Down.All we Needed to do is pack up.For Our Trip.
The next morning we was at Enterprise.Some how the car got delayed two hours before we could get It,we both had to wait in it.That would be a two hour set back.for our trip.Then the car was Ready to go.We got in and set off for our trip.Ten we headed off on the road.The Traffic wasn't Bad at All.We Stayed With my Mother And Father in Michigan.Then was Headed to Indiana.When,Rocky got the news of his fathers passing.We pulled over for  awhile. To let Rocky Grief for a Little.I remembered his father always smiled at me.And Said he Liked me A lot!.For His Son.He Always Smiled all the time.Just a nice guy.Rocky has that him him!.The we got on the road to be there.we Got To Indiana.Rcky's Mother wanted Us Stay with her at the house.So we did.The next morning the funeral went well.But,There was a man Standing around Ricky's Mother.IAsk Rocky who He was.He told me that man worked with. His Father at his Firm.Cause Ricky's Dad Was A Lawyer.I told him okay.Rocky started noticing the man was More around his Mother.After The Funeral
Rocky ad me went to site see.And he told me for a long time he Missed My Family. I told him we missed him to.
For while.Then we Both went back to the House.Rocky's mother didn't know what to do.Tomarrow Rocky Had to make his mind up.Cause he had to run his father's business.And I Guess That's what that man was Doing there by his mother.Rcky knew.I Didn't.I had no glue.What was giing on.But,Shoud have .Rocky kissed my check. And we Both went off to bed.I always liked him.And I think he liked me has well.I hope he did!.By the Next morning That man that was Beside his mother read off The will.of Rocky's Father.Mr.bello.Rocky's named came up.He Got The firm The House.But,Didn't know what to do.With his Feeling For me.I could see that.I Didn't want to be in his way!.I Really liked him as well. Ever since,I was Young And Meet him outside my Window. I Think he Knew.We Both liked each other.We Never Told each other how we both Felt for each other.
That Both of Us Were In Love With each other.After The Reading.Rocky Told me He might have to stay in Indiana.I told him he might.He told me he wanted me to stay with him here!.I told him I would But didn't know what to do!.He said he didn't either.But that we had Faith!.t we could Both do it Together!.Then,He kissed me!.I Told him He Was Just The Man Outside My Window.



Angie Evans


